Document timezone support for CronJob (#32577)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs.md

To generate CronJob schedule expressions, you can also use web tools like [crontab.guru](https://crontab.guru/).

## TimeZone Support
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.24" state="alpha" >}}

There is now a new `timeZone` field and requires the `CronJobTimeZone` featuregate to be enabled to use. It is an optional field that should be set either to nil or a non-empty string. The `timeZone` string value should be a valid time zone name. Please see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones. If not specified, the local time zone of kube-controller-manager is used.

> A time zone database from the Go standard library is included in the binaries and used as a fallback in case an external database is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A time zone database from the Go standard library is included in the binaries and used as a fallback in case an external database is not available on the system. 
```

To generate CronJob schedule expressions, you can also use web tools like [crontab.guru](https://crontab.guru/).

> ## TimeZone Support
> **ALPHA** as of 1.24
> 
> There is now a new `timeZone` field and requires the `CronJobTimeZone` featuregate to be enabled to use. It is an optional field that should be set either to nil or a non-empty string. The `timeZone` string value should be a valid time zone name. Please see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones. If not specified, the local time zone of kube-controller-manager is used.
> 
> An external time zone database should be available for use. In the event that one is not available, one from the Go standard library will be embedded into the binaries.
> 

Reviewer 2: I'd write it like this:
```suggestion
## Time zones

For CronJobs with no time zone specified, the kube-controller-manager interprets schedules relative to its local time zone.

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.24" state="alpha" >}}

If you enable the  `CronJobTimeZone` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/),
you can specify a time zone for a CronJob (if you don't enable that feature gate, or if you are using a version of
Kubernetes that does not have experimental time zone support, all CronJobs in your cluster have an unspecified
timezone).

When you have the feature enabled, you can set `spec.timezone` to the name of a valid [time zone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones) name. For example, setting
`spec.timezone: "Etc/UTC"` instructs Kubernetes to interpret the schedule relative to Coordinated Universal Time.
```
